either were-wolf or vampire. (_Mem._, I must ask the Count about these
all in a night. One of those big bats that they call vampires had got at
there from a vampire. These things do occur, you know. Only ten days ago
some dual life that is not as the common. She was bitten by the vampire
his arm to designate what to a vampire was "home"--"their face show what
     his instinct is satisfied as to the vampire's ultimate triumph?
"There are such beings as vampires; some of us have evidence that they
stronger, have yet more power to work evil. This vampire which is
denied to the vampire kind; we have sources of science; we are free to
limitations of the vampire in general, and of this one in particular.
superstition--are everything. Does not the belief in vampires rest for
vampire, and the belief in his limitations and his cure, rest for the
experience. The vampire live on, and cannot die by mere passing of the
"Jonathan is in a stupor such as we know the Vampire can produce. We can
connected with death, and vampires; with blood, and pain, and trouble."
vampire in the end, then she shall not go into that unknown and terrible
land alone. I suppose it is thus that in old times one vampire meant
John's home; for your Vampire, though in all afterwards he can come when
coming for action; to-day this Vampire is limit to the powers of man,
of the Vampire, and assured Mrs. Harker that she might rest in peace.
Vampire's baptism of blood." Well, there may be a poison that distils
can see the characteristics of the vampire coming in her face. It is now
the ... the ... Vampire. (Why did I hesitate to write the word?) He was
Have you felt the Vampire's lips upon your throat?" Here he turned to
she is with that Vampire baptism. "Well," said I to myself, "if it be
Vampire in that Holy circle; and yet even there would be the wolf! I
the grave of the Vampire! So I make my choice to go on with my work.
Vampire sleep, so full of life and voluptuous beauty that I shudder as
come, and the Vampire sleep be over. Then the beautiful eyes of the fair
kiss--and man is weak. And there remain one more victim in the Vampire
This then was the Un-Dead home of the King-Vampire, to whom so many more
fresh horror of that ruddy vampire sleep.
﻿The Project Gutenberg eBook of Dracula, by Bram Stoker
Title: Dracula
Castle Dracula, as there are no maps of this country as yet to compare
town named by Count Dracula, is a fairly well-known place. I shall enter
Count Dracula had directed me to go to the Golden Krone Hotel, which I
was all he knew. When I asked him if he knew Count Dracula, and could
"Count Dracula?" He bowed in a courtly way as he replied:--
"I am Dracula; and I bid you welcome, Mr. Harker, to my house. Come in;
Dracula, jumping to his feet, said:--
Dracula, as it may help me to understand. To-night he may talk of
the Turk on his own ground? This was a Dracula indeed! Woe was it that
Turk and brought the shame of slavery on them! Was it not this Dracula,
Hungarian yoke, we of the Dracula blood were amongst their leaders, for
Szekelys--and the Dracula as their heart's blood, their brains, and
Dracula was speaking, there was that in his eyes and in his bearing
Dracula." I suspected him, and determined to test his sincerity.
to my own room. The last I saw of Count Dracula was his kissing his hand
had just been received. It is only a line dated from Castle Dracula,
terrible events at Whitby when Count Dracula landed, so I shall look
had found in his absence: that the house which Dracula had bought was
sisters in the castle of Dracula. He become so small--we ourselves saw
has been. He must, indeed, have been that Voivode Dracula who won his
grave, and are even now arrayed against us. The Draculas were, says
'pokol'--Satan and hell; and in one manuscript this very Dracula is
arranged by Dracula. The house looked as though it had been long
believe in it. Even my own terrible experiences in Castle Dracula seem
discover on what boat and whither bound Count Dracula made his escape:--
Dracula we should go by Galatz, or at any rate through Bucharest, so I
marked for one Count Dracula. Sure eneuch the matter was one ready to
_Ground of inquiry._--Count Dracula's problem is to get back to his own
close to Dracula's castle as can be got by water.
over the Borgo, and find our way to the Castle of Dracula. Here, Madam
awful work, I laid in Dracula's tomb some of the Wafer, and so banished
clear line of Dracula's castle cut the sky; for we were so deep under
The Castle of Dracula now stood out against the red sky, and every stone
